Docs.rs
  * Rust
    * About docs.rs 
    * Privacy policy 
    * Rust website 
    * The Book 
    * Standard Library API Reference 
    * Rust by Example 
    * The Cargo Guide 
    * Clippy Documentation 


# Docs.rs documentation
  * About
  * Badges
  * Builds
  * Metadata
  * Shorthand URLs
  * Download


# About Docs.rs
Docs.rs is an open source documentation host for crates of the Rust Programming Language. All libraries published to crates.io are documented. If you just published a crate, your crate is likely still in the queue. 
The source code of Docs.rs is available on GitHub. If you ever encounter an issue, don't hesitate to report it! (And thanks in advance!) 
##  More about Docs.rs
  1. Badges: How to use badges generated by Docs.rs
  2. Builds: How Docs.rs builds documentation for a crate
  3. Metadata: How you can configure a build
  4. Redirections: How Docs.rs uses semantic versioning in URLs


###  Version
Currently running Docs.rs version is: **0.6.0 (004a02c4 2025-03-05)**
###  Builds
Summaries of the documentation build processes are available at /releases/.
###  JavaScript
JavaScript in support of documentation is allowed but not guaranteed to work on docs.rs. What that means: If you write documentation that inlines some JavaScript (like KaTeX), that's allowed, and will probably work today but may break in the future. 
However, it's not allowed to put JavaScript or other content in docs published on docs.rs for the purpose of tracking visitors. For instance, adding Google Analytics scripts, tracking pixels, or site verification for services like Google Search Console. Crates that do this will have the relevant versions removed and may be blocked from docs.rs. 
###  Contact
Docs.rs is run and maintained by the Docs.rs team. You can find us in #t-docs-rs on Zulip. 
